So there aren’t that many pages or posts yet on Finger Tip-Top. A manual search is enough to find what you’re looking for, but I wanted to add a search page early on. It’s going to be difficult to find anything once the blog has hundreds of blog posts. 
The search page I had in mind is not just a blank box to fill with search phrases. No, no. I wanted visitors to be able to 1) search for anything they are looking for, and 2) be able to see the big picture at once—all the categories and tags that they might not know they were looking for. I got the idea for something like this from browsing through a list of available free themes from Jekyll. Instead of a blank search box floating on a blank page, the theme displays a list of project names below the search box. 
Finger Tip-Top’s search page includes all the categories and tags and a Google search functionality. This is pretty easy to do with Google custom search, which requires only 3 simple steps to set up:
1.	Go to Google custom search’s website at cse.google.com.
2.	Create a new search engine. Let Google know the name of your site and the language of the posts. 
3.	Copy the script code and paste it into your page layout.
It’s super easy and quick. Later, you can tweak the advanced setting even further to include things like image search, safe search, and other tweaks, such as limiting the regions. Since Google is going to be serving the search results, searchers will also have the option to search the entire web. 
Jekyll actually allows for a simple instant search that displays the search result “live” as the search phrase is being typed. It is pretty neat and easy to make, without the need for JQuery or plug-ins. I might create one in the near future, but for now I think the search page will have to do. 
